README.md, before:

# Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group

## Code Challenges from Flatiron Interview Prep Group

This repo is meant to help manage a weekly coding challenge group comprised of Flatiron students. It also contains all of the challenges from our in-person and webinar sessions.

Please see below for more details:

## FOR THE NEW FOLKS:

Hi there and welcome!

### First: **Meeting Times** <br />
( *Unless otherwise specified in the Slack Channel:* )

**Webinar:** Mondays & Wednesdays from 6:45 PM - 8:00 PM

**In-Person:** Please see Slack for once the monthly meeting.
<br />
<br />

### Second: Session Guidelines
a. Please read the [Detailed Meeting Guidelines PDF](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Group_Session_Guidelines_Detailed.pdf " Detailed Meeting Guidelines") file for a detailed explanation of meeting etiquette and expectations.
<br />
b. Alternatively, you can read the TLDR version here: [TLDR Meeting Guidelines](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Group_Session_Guidelines_TLDR.pdf "TLDR Meeting Guidelines")
<br />
<br />

### Third: Resources
Please see the [Code Challenge Resources PDF ](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Code_Challenge_Resources.pdf "Code Challenge Resources") file for sources to find code challenges and help.
<br />


## PERMISSIONS:
Currently, only collaborators are allowed to make changes to this repo.

Collaborators, please see below for instructions.

## An Overview of How GitHub Works:

Please see the [GitHub Explanation File](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/GitHub_Explanation.md "Basic Explanation of GitHub") on the main page of this repository for a basic understanding of how GitHub works and the common terms associated with its use.


The best way to commit/add updates is to:

1. clone the repository
2. create a new branch for the repository on your machines
2. make changes to the that branch
3. add & commit those changes to GitHub
4. push those changes up

Then, once the commits have been finalized and approved, they will get merged with the master branch.

## How to Use

1. Make the updates to a new branch. Include the date in its title.

2. Copy and paste the mon_date_year folder.

3. Edit its name and the folders/files it contains to reflect the challenges presented during that meeting.

4. Copy and paste the contents of the challenge_template into every new file you create when adding a new challenge. Fill in the info as listed.

5. Add .
6. commit -m "[a message with any notes you wish to make]"
7. git push [location url] [branch_name]



Please see the following link for a detailed explanation for how to collaborate using mac/windows/linux:

https://akrabat.com/the-beginners-guide-to-contributing-to-a-github-project/

Feel free to edit the README to include more info.
Perhaps the finalized version of the Google Doc can go here?
Or separate files for the Guidelines and resources?

Commit message:

Added a choose_participant file & updated the README with instructions on how to use it.

README.md, after:

# Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group

## Code Challenges from Flatiron Interview Prep Group

This repo is meant to help manage a weekly coding challenge group comprised of Flatiron students. It also contains all of the challenges from our in-person and webinar sessions.

Please see below for more details:

## FOR THE NEW FOLKS:

Hi there and welcome!

### First: **Meeting Times** <br />
( *Unless otherwise specified in the Slack Channel:* )

**Webinar:** Mondays & Wednesdays from 6:45 PM - 8:00 PM

**In-Person:** Please see Slack for once the monthly meeting.
<br />
<br />

### Second: Session Guidelines
a. Please read the [Detailed Meeting Guidelines PDF](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Group_Session_Guidelines_Detailed.pdf " Detailed Meeting Guidelines") file for a detailed explanation of meeting etiquette and expectations.
<br />
b. Alternatively, you can read the TLDR version here: [TLDR Meeting Guidelines](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Group_Session_Guidelines_TLDR.pdf "TLDR Meeting Guidelines")
<br />
<br />

### Third: Resources
Please see the [Code Challenge Resources PDF ](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Code_Challenge_Resources.pdf "Code Challenge Resources") file for sources to find code challenges and help.
<br />
<br />

### Fourth: Random Participant
Use the [Choose Participant](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Code_Challenge_Resources.pdf "Choose Participant") selects a participant at random if no one volunteers.

1. One a mac, open a new tab in the Google Chrome browser.
2. Press Command-Option-J to open the developer tools.<br />
2. Click on the 'console' tab of the developer tools.<br />
3. Copy & Paste the code from the [Choose Participant](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/Code_Challenge_Resources.pdf "Choose Participant") JS file into the console.<br />
4. Fill in the participants array with the names (or abbreviations) of the eligible number of participants.<br />
5. Hit enter to see who goes.<br />
<br />
6. You can make this a bit more fun by having the participant do this at the end of her/his turn.
<br />

## PERMISSIONS:
Currently, only collaborators are allowed to make changes to this repo.

Collaborators, please see below for instructions.

## An Overview of How GitHub Works:

Please see the [GitHub Explanation File](https://github.com/AAM77/Flatiron_Code_Challenger_Group/blob/master/GitHub_Explanation.md "Basic Explanation of GitHub") on the main page of this repository for a basic understanding of how GitHub works and the common terms associated with its use.


The best way to commit/add updates is to:

1. clone the repository
2. create a new branch for the repository on your machines
2. make changes to the that branch
3. add & commit those changes to GitHub
4. push those changes up

Then, once the commits have been finalized and approved, they will get merged with the master branch.

## How to Use

1. Make the updates to a new branch. Include the date in its title.

2. Copy and paste the mon_date_year folder.

3. Edit its name and the folders/files it contains to reflect the challenges presented during that meeting.

4. Copy and paste the contents of the challenge_template into every new file you create when adding a new challenge. Fill in the info as listed.

5. Add .
6. commit -m "[a message with any notes you wish to make]"
7. git push [location url] [branch_name]



Please see the following link for a detailed explanation for how to collaborate using mac/windows/linux:

https://akrabat.com/the-beginners-guide-to-contributing-to-a-github-project/

Feel free to edit the README to include more info.
Perhaps the finalized version of the Google Doc can go here?
Or separate files for the Guidelines and resources?
